Object player/1358 fix broken links in cadence document (#1368)
onflow/cadence: encoding/README.md

The `encoding` packages contain functions to encode and decode Cadence values to other formats.

> Currently, only the [JSON-Cadence](https://github.com/onflow/cadence/blob/master/docs/json-cadence-spec.md) format is supported.

Reviewer: This link should actually point to the rendered documentation page on the website:

```suggestion
Currently, only the [JSON-Cadence](https://docs.onflow.org/cadence/json-cadence-spec/) format is supported.
```

Author: Okey, I get the point let me update the code accordingly. Thanks for responding
